docs: refine development document (#890)
chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh: website/docs/development_guides/add_chaos_daemon.md

---
id: add_facilities_to_chaos_daemon
title: Add Facilities to Chaos Daemon
sidebar_label: Add Facilities to Chaos Daemon
---

> After [Develop a new chaos](dev_hello_world.md), we add a new chaos type `HelloWorldChaos`, it will print `hello world` in `chaos-controller-manager`. Let's do more things for this chaos type: get the hostname of selected pods, and print `hello` to these Pod in `chaos-daemon`.

Author: In most cases, the controller is only used for scheduling. The specific operation of chaos is the daemon, so an example is needed to illustrate how chaos request passes the controller to the daemon

> After [Develop a new chaos](dev_hello_world.md), we add a new chaos type `HelloWorldChaos`, it will print `hello world` in `chaos-controller-manager`. Let's do more things for this chaos type: get the hostname of selected pods, and print `hello` to these Pod in `chaos-daemon`.

Reviewer: "Let's do more things" - we cannot use this kind of description in documentation - it does not carry any useful information as to what to do.  Do you mean the facilities is to specify how the defined chaos communicates with daemon controller? If so, we need to indicate it.

## Add selector for HelloWorldChaos

> Since we need to select some pods to do `HelloWorld` chaos, we need to add a filed in `HelloWorldChaos`:

Reviewer 2: s/filed/field/g

Author: fixed

        helloworldchaos, ok := chaos.(*v1alpha1.HelloWorldChaos)
        if !ok {
            return errors.New("chaos is not helloworldchao s")
        }

        pods, err := utils.SelectPods(ctx, r.Client, helloworldchaos.Spec.GetSelector())
        if err != nil {
            return err
        }

        for _, pod := range pods {
            daemonClient, err := utils.NewChaosDaemonClient(ctx, r.Client,
                &pod, common.ControllerCfg.ChaosDaemonPort)
            if err != nil {
                r.Log.Error(err, "get chaos daemon client")
                return err
            }
            defer daemonClient.Close()
            if len(pod.Status.ContainerStatuses) == 0 {
                return fmt.Errorf("%s %s can't get the state of container", pod.Namespace, pod.Name)
            }

            containerID := pod.Status.ContainerStatuses[0].ContainerID

            _, err = daemonClient.ExecHelloWorldChaos(ctx, &pb.ExecHelloWorldRequest{
                ContainerId: containerID,
            })
            if err != nil {
                return err
            }
        }

        return nil
    }

    // Recover means the reconciler recovers the chaos action

>     func (r *Reconciler) Recover(ctx context.Context, req ctrl.Request, chaos v1alpha1.InnerObject) error {

Author: how about committing these code about `HelloworldChaos` to the repo, and then we can use links in the document.

---
id: add_facilities_to_chaos_daemon
title: Add Facilities to Chaos Daemon
sidebar_label: Add Facilities to Chaos Daemon
---

> After [Develop a new chaos](dev_hello_world.md), we add a new chaos type `HelloWorldChaos`, it will print `hello world` in `chaos-controller-manager`. Let's do more things for this chaos type: `chaos-controller-manager` selects Pods according to the chaos configuration, then sends the chaos request to these Pods corresponding `chaos-daemon`, and these `chaos-daemon`s do chaos at last.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [Develop a new chaos](dev_hello_world.md), we have added a new chaos type named `HelloWorldChaos`, which will print `hello world` in `chaos-controller-manager`. To actually run the chaos, we need to configure some facilities for Chaos Daemon - so that `controller-manager` can select the specified Pods according to the chaos configuration and sends the chaos request to the `chaos-daemon` corresponding to these Pods. Once these are done, the `chaos-daemon` could run the chaos at last.
```

The implementation of this function can be divided into the following parts: 

> - [Add selector for HelloWorldChaos](#add-selector-for-helloworldChaos)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function covers the following steps:

-   [Add selector for HelloWorldChaos](#add-selector-for-helloworldChaos)
```

- [Implement GRPC interface for chaos request](#implement-grpc-interface-for-chaos-request)

And then we can [run this chaos](#run-chaos) to verify whether this chaos works well.

> ## Implementation

Reviewer: Remove this

> - [Add selector for HelloWorldChaos](#add-selector-for-helloworldChaos)
> - [Implement GRPC interface for chaos request](#implement-grpc-interface-for-chaos-request)
> 
> And then we can [run this chaos](#run-chaos) to verify whether this chaos works well.
> 
> ## Implementation
> 
> ### Add selector for HelloWorldChaos
> 
> Since we need to select some pods to do `HelloWorld` chaos by namespace, labels, annotation, etc, refer to [Define the Scope of Chaos Experiment](../user_guides/experiment_scope.md), so just add a field `Spec` in `HelloWorldChaos` to implement it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Chaos Mesh, we have defined the `spec.selector` field to specify the scope of the chaos by namespace, labels, annotation, etc. You can refer to [Define the Scope of Chaos Experiment](../user_guides/experiment_scope.md) for more information. To specify the Pods for `HelloWorld` chaos, we just add the `Spec` field in `HelloWorldChaos`:
```
